hello everybody today my I'm going to
show you how to unlock you're like a
wizard okay let's start first you you
must hold a down volume key and power
button together about 10 seconds and
this picture will show you after 10
seconds and draw its own with a warning
son then you press the home button and
that will show you a menu
okay then go to a wipe data/factory
reset and with the warning down and
volume up Keys go to wipe data/factory
reset and then I've click on the undo
button and wait a couple of minutes and
then go to reboot system now click again
undo button and you will you will have a
hard or asset of this pool thanks
everybody for watching subscribe and
like my video goodbye